so far the only winner in a
housing project of the municipality of
Purification in Tolima is the candidate
who lost the election to the
current mayor this was the owner of a
property that days before the sale was worth
65 million pesos and by which
they paid 800 million that such this before
of the holy week a councilor of
purification called the mayor so that
will explain why he bought in 800 million
of pesos a property that before the business
it was worth 64 million and whose owner
I was coming out of a defeat the lord
but alexander was the owner of
this estate that is more was former candidate
to the municipal council of purification
few months after his defeat
policy the winner began to move a
project that triggered the price of their
properties in the plan
territorial ordering changed from
rural to urbanizable
precisely that sector has taken a
great boom and because of this situation by
the proximity of the main road as
this has not increased according to the
councilman although he has changed the norm
urban requires a risky investment
because it does not comply with the national standard
of protest
of the bodies of water do not cross the
sewage from the front of this
estate of light on light poles
they were distant to protect with the
Front of the lot is included for sap
a few meters from a broken the case
is already in the hands of the comptroller
department that in addition to the
ground conditions examines the
multiplication of its price that according to
study that a company from bogota did
it has its logic
one says not here the norm is said
multifamily I focus on that
because there is an article has a paragraph
in which he says he should focus
towards the maximum that can explode in the
property so do not do it is to say yes
as the councilor believes the property does not
is suitable for housing plans
of social interest that promotes the
national government cordon de miseria las
developments in high-risk areas
the only beneficiary with the plan
housing of the new government will be the
candidate who was defeated in the
past elections the ministry of
housing has said that it examines every
project to avoid stagnation by
lack of requirements as in the government
previous